ru/libraryteam/library/db/entity/UserEntity.java
 ru.libraryteam.library.db.entity.UserEntity
ru/libraryteam/library/db/DatabaseConfiguration.java
 ru.libraryteam.library.db.DatabaseConfiguration
ru/libraryteam/library/db/repository/AchievementRepository.java
 ru.libraryteam.library.db.repository.AchievementRepository
ru/libraryteam/library/db/repository/BookAuthorsRepository.java
 ru.libraryteam.library.db.repository.BookAuthorsRepository
ru/libraryteam/library/db/repository/UserRepository.java
 ru.libraryteam.library.db.repository.UserRepository
ru/libraryteam/library/db/entity/complex/id/BookGenresId.java
 ru.libraryteam.library.db.entity.complex.id.BookGenresId
ru/libraryteam/library/db/entity/NoteEntity.java
 ru.libraryteam.library.db.entity.NoteEntity
ru/libraryteam/library/db/repository/GenreRepository.java
 ru.libraryteam.library.db.repository.GenreRepository
ru/libraryteam/library/db/repository/AuthorRepository.java
 ru.libraryteam.library.db.repository.AuthorRepository
ru/libraryteam/library/db/entity/complex/id/Messages.java
 ru.libraryteam.library.db.entity.complex.id.Messages
ru/libraryteam/library/db/entity/AuthorEntity.java
 ru.libraryteam.library.db.entity.AuthorEntity
ru/libraryteam/library/db/entity/complex/id/BookAuthorsId.java
 ru.libraryteam.library.db.entity.complex.id.BookAuthorsId
ru/libraryteam/library/db/repository/NoteRepository.java
 ru.libraryteam.library.db.repository.NoteRepository
ru/libraryteam/library/db/entity/GenreEntity.java
 ru.libraryteam.library.db.entity.GenreEntity
ru/libraryteam/library/db/entity/complex/id/Lines.java
 ru.libraryteam.library.db.entity.complex.id.Lines
ru/libraryteam/library/db/entity/AchievementEntity.java
 ru.libraryteam.library.db.entity.AchievementEntity
ru/libraryteam/library/db/entity/TagEntity.java
 ru.libraryteam.library.db.entity.TagEntity
ru/libraryteam/library/db/repository/TagRepository.java
 ru.libraryteam.library.db.repository.TagRepository
ru/libraryteam/library/db/entity/complex/id/BookTagsId.java
 ru.libraryteam.library.db.entity.complex.id.BookTagsId
ru/libraryteam/library/db/entity/BookEntity.java
 ru.libraryteam.library.db.entity.BookEntity
ru/libraryteam/library/db/entity/BookAuthorsEntity.java
 ru.libraryteam.library.db.entity.BookAuthorsEntity
ru/libraryteam/library/db/repository/BookRepository.java
 ru.libraryteam.library.db.repository.BookRepository
